Add usage guide to README (#1)
koala-interactive/react-anchor-navigation: README.md

> The library export multiples helpers designed to make your anchor navigation works seamlessly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library exports multiple helpers designed to make your anchor navigation works seamlessly.
```

And four components :

- [AnchorContext](####AnchorContext)
- [AnchorLink](####AnchorLink)
- [AnchorProvider](####AnchorProvider)

> - [AnchorSection](####AnchorSection)

Reviewer 2: It seems like all links in the page are incorrects, the target only require one hash.

Author: Indeed, vscode markdown preview handled this case 👍

Author: 4e8607e

Two hooks used internally (only import it for advanced or customized handling) :

- [useAnchorScrollListener](#useAnchorScrollListener)

> - [useHash](#useHash)

Reviewer: After this change, the text should say : 
```
"Four components...
...
And two hooks..."
```

### Usage

> All our features are in these four components, for advanced and customized usage refers to the internal custom hooks documentation [here](#Advanded-Usage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All our features are in these four components, for advanced and customized usage, please refer to the internal custom hooks documentation [here](#Advanded-Usage)
```

} from "react-anchor-navigation";
```

#### AnchorProvider

> AnchorProvider is our top level contextProvider. Wrap it around your top-most component :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AnchorProvider is our top level contextProvider. Wrap it around your topmost component :
```

| registerSection   |        `(element: HTMLElement) => void`         | Function to add a Section to our sections list, our scrollEvent listener will then update the hash if the section is scrolled to |
| unregisterSection |        `(element: HTMLElement) => void`         |                 Function to remove a Section to our sections list, our scrollEvent listener will then stop checking this section |
| setHash           | `(hash: string, withScroll?: boolean) => void;` |                              Setter function from the internal useHash hooks, use it to programmatically change the current hash |

#### AnchorSection

AnchorSection is our most used components, it defines the scroll position you will arrive to on navigation/reloading

```js
<AnchorSection className="dBlock anchor" id="definitions" />
```

Its props are the usual HTMLElement's props (`className, data-*`), along with an id used for recognizing the update the current hash on scroll.

```js
interface TProps extends React.HTMLAttributes<HTMLElement> {
  id: string;
}
```

Internally it creates a `<b/>` tag to which we scroll to on reload and detect if we scrolled past it.

```JSX
<>

>   <b {...attributes}></b>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <b {...attributes} />
```

  {...children}
</>
```

#### AnchorLink

AnchorLink is a component made to have an activeClassname if its `href` is the current hash

```js
interface TProps extends React.AnchorHTMLAttributes<HTMLAnchorElement> {
  children: React.ReactNode[] | React.ReactNode;
  activeClassName?: string;
}
```

```JSX
<AnchorLink className="dTable w100 pad15" href="#definitions" activeClassName="blue">
```

### Advanded Usage

> Here will be informations about our internals processing hooks. For most use and without needs for great customizations, you will not need to import those hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here will be informations about our internal processing hooks. In most cases and without needs for great customizations, you will not need to import those hooks.
```

#### useHash

> useHash is a custom react hooks used internally in AnchorProvider. We still export it if you want to have an advanced usage (Otherwise it should not be needed) and not use AnchorProvider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
useHash is a custom React hook used internally in AnchorProvider. We still export it if you want to have an advanced usage (Otherwise it should not be needed) and not use AnchorProvider.
```

Usage :

```
export interface TStore {
  sections: TContext["sections"];
  blockScrollEvent: boolean;
  scroller: HTMLElement | null;
}

const ref = useRef<TStore>
  {
    sections: [],
    blockScrollEvent: false,
    scroller: null
  };

const [hash, setHash] = useHash(ref);
```

| Key              |         Type         |                                                                                   Description |
| ---------------- | :------------------: | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| sections         |   `HTMLElement[]`    |   List of the registered sections elements that we watch, in our codebase it is AnchorSection |
| blockScrollEvent |      `boolean`       | Internal boolean to avoid handling native scroll event on hash change causing a second scroll |
| scroller         | `HTMLElement | null` |                                                                        Scroller element's ref |

The hash and its setter are then sent to the AnchorContext.

For further informations you can look into the sources for AnchorProvider.

#### useAnchorScrollListener

> useAnchorScrollListener is another custom react hooks used internally in AnchorProvider. If you wish not to use AnchorProvider this hooks can help you customize your anchor handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
useAnchorScrollListener is another custom React hook used internally in AnchorProvider. If you wish not to use AnchorProvider this hook can help you customize your anchor handling.
```

It is called with the setter from `useHash`. The `ref` is the `TStore` also sent to `useHash`. These two hooks works best together.

> Internally it listen to the onScroll event and update the hash if one registered sections has been detected above our scroll position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally it listens to the onScroll event and update the hash if one registered section has been detected above our scroll position.
```
